feat: Add Vertex AI authentication support alongside Google API key (#48)
google-agentic-commerce/AP2: README.md

    export GOOGLE_API_KEY=your_key
    ```

2. Put it into an `.env` file at the root of your repository.

    ```sh
    echo "GOOGLE_API_KEY=your_key" > .env
    ```

#### Option 2: Vertex AI with Application Default Credentials (Recommended for production)

If you're using Google Cloud Platform or prefer Vertex AI authentication, you can use Application Default Credentials (ADC) instead of an API key.

1. Set up your Google Cloud environment:

    ```sh
    export GOOGLE_GENAI_USE_VERTEXAI=true
    export GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=your-project-id

>     export GOOGLE_CLOUD_LOCATION=us-central1  # or your preferred region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    export GOOGLE_CLOUD_LOCATION=global  # or your preferred region
```

    ```

2. Ensure your application has the necessary permissions and ADC is configured:

    ```sh
    # If using gcloud CLI
    gcloud auth application-default login
    
    # Or if using a service account
    export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=path/to/your/service-account-key.json
    ```

3. Put the configuration into an `.env` file at the root of your repository:

    ```sh
    echo "GOOGLE_GENAI_USE_VERTEXAI=true" > .env
    echo "GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=your-project-id" >> .env
    echo "GOOGLE_CLOUD_LOCATION=us-central1" >> .env

>     ```

Reviewer: Does this need to be a copy of the content above?
